I must speak with you.
I have received information from Earth.
How did you manage this?
Giving prisoners salt and pepper shakers…
They don't know how to run a jail.
And what is this information?
It's not good. I'm afraid.
Korzhenko continues to use you
to deflect his own failures.
In the party. you are now seen as a loser
because you failed to protect
the interests of the nation.
I was nothing but loyal to him.
And this is how he treats me.
And I have not gotten to the worst part.
Your wife is under threat.
That can't be.
Her attempts to ensure your release
have angered the president.
She will publicly denounce you.
She has no choice.
Hello.
My name is Natalya Polivanova
and today I am talking to you…
the Soviet people.
I felt it important for
the public to know the truth.
My husband.
Governor Leonid Polivanov.
is the one to blame for
everything that has happened on Mars.
I watched him…
ignore the problems
until it was too late.
Those bastards…
Everything I have done for them. for him.
and he parades my Tasha
in front of the world.
forcing her to say those vile things.
It is terrible. you are right.
And under such pressure she
was still able to send me…
Please. the people you know
in the intelligence service.
the ones sending you information.
Can they do anything to help her?
No. She is so closely watched
it would only make things worse.
But you're right.
something must be done about Korzhenko.
He is acting like a wild dog backed
into a corner. capable of anything.
He might just destroy
the nation to save his own skin.
Then what can be done?
He's never been weaker in the party.
The entire economy is
on the verge of collapse
and with the possibility of Mars
gaining independence during his tenure.
there is concern it could
stoke independence movements
in parts of the Soviet empire.
Why do you think he's trying to blame you?
Because he knows people will blame him.
Some people in the party. like Bolkonski.
are tired of his pseudo Stalinism.
They want someone younger. fresher.
Someone who can usher our
nation into the 21st century…
someone like you.
Are you out of your mind?
I am being held captive on another planet.
The people see what you have
sacrificed for your nation.
They believe in you.
Comrade Morozova. I'm afraid
this confinement has cost you your mind.
I have been through much worse.
Korzhenko will only be able to
hold onto power another month at most.
now that the oligarchs
have turned against him.
It's only a matter of time.